Feature/dapp getting start improve (#169)
alephium/wiki: docs/dapps/getting-started.md

<UntranslatedPageText />

## Overview

> Alephium proposes multiple tools and package to help you build your dApps.

Reviewer: package -> packages

<UntranslatedPageText />

#Dapps Getting started

This guide will explore the basics of creating an Alephium dApp project.

Prerequisites:

- Write code in [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

> - Operate in a [terminal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terminal_emulator)

Reviewer 2: I think it would be good to mention somewhere that `node`, `npm`, and `npx` need to be installed in the system, as well as their versions (at least for `node` and `npm`).

Author: sure

## Create a new dApp project: Token Faucet

In this tutorial we will write our first dApp: A token faucet.

> Create a directory for tuto.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a new project folder and navigate into it:
```

```sh
mkdir alephium-faucet-tuto
cd alephium-faucet-tuto
```

> Let's now create a `contracts` folder where we'll store all our contracts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's now create a `contracts` folder where we'll store all our contracts:
```

```sh
mkdir contracts
```

> Our first contract we'll be `token.ral` which can be found [here](https://github.com/alephium/nextjs-template/blob/main/contracts/token.ral), you can copy it into your `contracts` folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our first contract we'll be `token.ral` which can be found [here](https://github.com/alephium/nextjs-template/blob/main/contracts/token.ral). You can copy the whole file into your `contracts` folder.
```

> Let's dive into it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Let's inspect it, piece by piece:
```

(note the empty line)

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```rust
```

import "std/token_interface"

Contract TokenFaucet(
    symbol: ByteVec,
    name: ByteVec,
    decimals: U256,
    supply: U256,
    mut balance: U256
) implements IToken {
```

> The first four fields will be immutable values that store the data required to served our [IToken interface](https://github.com/alephium/alephium-web3/blob/master/packages/web3/std/token_interface.ral).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first four fields will be immutable values that store the data required to serve our [IToken interface](https://github.com/alephium/alephium-web3/blob/master/packages/web3/std/token_interface.ral).
```

Reviewer 2: Hm, should we call this "out token standard" instead of "our IToken interface"? Isn't that more friendly than the name of an interface?

Author: totally, I'll update that.

> `mut balance` is a mutable value that keep track on how many tokens are left in this faucet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`mut balance` is a mutable value that keeps track of how many tokens are left in this faucet.
```

> You can see that our contract is emitting some `event` and define an `error` code. Read the following for more info on the [events](https://wiki.alephium.org/ralph/getting-started#events) and the [error handling](https://wiki.alephium.org/ralph/getting-started#error-handling).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can see that our contract emits an `event` and defines an `error` code. Read the following for more info on [events](https://wiki.alephium.org/ralph/getting-started#events) and [error handling](https://wiki.alephium.org/ralph/getting-started#error-handling).
```

> This is followed by five access method for the different contract's arguments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is followed by 5 access methods for the different contract's arguments.
```

> The latest function is where the magic happen:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The last method is where the magic happens:
```

```rust
@using(assetsInContract = true, updateFields = true)
pub fn withdraw(amount: U256) -> () {
    // Debug events can be helpful for error analysis
    emit Debug(`The current balance is ${balance}`)

    // Make sure the amount is valid
    assert!(amount <= 2, ErrorCodes.InvalidWithdrawAmount)
    // Functions postfixed with `!` are built-in functions.
    transferTokenFromSelf!(callerAddress!(), selfTokenId!(), amount)
    // Ralph does not allow underflow.
    balance = balance - amount

    // Emit the event defined earlier.
    emit Withdraw(callerAddress!(), amount)
}
```

> With the `assert!` We make sure no one take more than 2 tokens at the same time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the `assert!` we make sure no one takes more than 2 tokens at the same time.  
```

Reviewer 2: Added 2 spaces at the end creates a new line in markdown.

> `transferTokenFromSelf` will actually perform the transfer of token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`transferTokenFromSelf` will actually perform the transfer of the tokens.  
```

> We update the `mut balance` field with the new balance, if it goes underflow and error will be raised and the transaction won't be perform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We update the `mut balance` field with the new balance. In the case of underflow, an error will be raised and the transaction won't be performed.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could add a short sentence explaining the built-in functions:

```suggestion
`callerAddress!()` and `selfTokenId!()` are built-in functions, you can read more about them in our [built-in functions page](/ralph/built-in-functions).

## Compile your contract

> The compiler needs to contact the full node in order to compile, we define the node url using with the following config file: `alephium.config.ts`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The compiler needs to contact the full node in order to compile the contract. We define the node URL using the following config file: `alephium.config.ts`. Create this file in the root directory of your project and paste the following code:
```

```typescript
import { Configuration } from '@alephium/cli'

const configuration: Configuration<void> = {
  defaultNetwork: 'devnet',
  networks: {
    devnet: {

>       //Make sure the two values match what's in your `~/.alephium/user.conf

Reviewer 2: We haven't mentioned anything about `~/.alephium/user.conf` so far, so this line is confusing.

Author: indeed, should we rather redirect to the `devnet` wiki page?

      nodeUrl: 'http://localhost:22973',
      networkId: 2
    }
  }
}

export default configuration
```

> Make sure to use the correct host and port.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure to use the correct host URL and port. To easily start a devnet with Docker, check out our [alephium-stack](https://github.com/alephium/alephium-stack) project. If you haven't yet started your devnet, now it's the time!
```

What do you think about mentioning here how to start a devnet, as I suggested?

Author: What about mentioning the `/full-node/devnet.md` wiki page rather than just the docker solution?

> Now let's compile:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, let's compile:
```

```sh

> npx @alephium/cli@latest compile

Reviewer 2: I got an error that the devnet was not found when I run this command, so I added the note above to say "If you haven't yet started your devnet, now it's the time!" :)

```

> It may ask you some confirmation to install the latest `@alephium/cli` package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It may ask you for some confirmation to install the latest `@alephium/cli` package. Select yes to proceed.
```

> You can check the produced result into `artifacts`. For example `artifacts/ts/TokenFaucet.ts` produce lots of helper functions: `at, fetchState, call*, etc`, as well as test functions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the above command succeeds, you will notice that a new folder called `artifacts` was created. It contains several files related to your contract. For example, `artifacts/ts/TokenFaucet.ts` produces lots of helper functions like `at`, `fetchState`, `call*`, etc, as well as many test functions.
```

## Test your contract

> The SDK provides unit test functionalities, which calls the contract like a normal transaction, but instead of changing the blockchain state, it returns the new contract state, transaction outputs, and events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The SDK provides unit test functionalities, which call the contract by sending a transaction, but instead of changing the blockchain state, it returns the new contract state, transaction outputs, and events.
```

Install the test framework:

```sh
npm install ts-jest @types/jest
```

> You'll also need our `web3` package

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You'll also need our `@alephium/web3` package:
```

```sh
npm install @alephium/web3 @alephium/web3-test
```

Create a `test` folder:

```sh
mkdir test
```

> and add this minimal test: `test/token.test.ts`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and create the `test/token.test.ts` minimalistic test file with the following contents:
```

```typescript
import { web3, Project, addressFromContractId } from '@alephium/web3'
import { randomContractId, testAddress } from '@alephium/web3-test'
import { TokenFaucet } from '../artifacts/ts'

describe('unit tests', () => {

>   it('test withdraw', async () => {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  it('Withdraws 1 token from TokenFaucet', async () => {
```

    // Use the correct host and port
    web3.setCurrentNodeProvider('http://127.0.0.1:22973')
    await Project.build()

    let testContractId = randomContractId()
    let testParams = {
      // a random address that the test contract resides in the tests
      address: addressFromContractId(testContractId),
      // assets owned by the test contract before a test
      initialAsset: { alphAmount: 10n ** 18n, tokens: [{ id: testContractId, amount: 10n }] },
      // initial state of the test contract
      initialFields: {
        symbol: Buffer.from('TF', 'utf8').toString('hex'),
        name: Buffer.from('TokenFaucet', 'utf8').toString('hex'),
        decimals: 18n,
        supply: 10n ** 18n,
        balance: 10n
      },
      // arguments to test the target function of the test contract
      testArgs: { amount: 1n },
      // assets owned by the caller of the function
      inputAssets: [{ address: testAddress, asset: { alphAmount: 10n ** 18n } }]
    }

    const testResult = await TokenFaucet.testWithdrawMethod(testParams)
    console.log(testResult)
  })
})
```

> A more complex test can be found [here](https://github.com/alephium/nextjs-template/blob/main/test/token.test.ts)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A more complex test can be found in our [alephium/nextjs-template](https://github.com/alephium/nextjs-template/blob/main/test/token.test.ts) project.
```

> Without entering to much into details, `Typescript` needs some configuration to run the test, just copy the following into `tsconfig.json`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Without entering too much into details, TypeScript needs some configuration to run the test so just create a file called `tsconfig.json` in the root directory of your project and paste the following code:
```

```json
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "outDir": "dist",
    "target": "es2020",
    "esModuleInterop": true,
    "module": "commonjs",
    "resolveJsonModule": true
  },
  "exclude": ["node_modules"],
  "include": ["src/**/*.ts", "test/**/*.ts", "scripts/**/*.ts", "alephium.config.ts", "artifacts/**/*.ts"]
}
```

You can now run the test:

```sh
npx @alephium/cli@latest test
```

> Congratulations, you should see what result would produce a withdraw.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should be able to see on your terminal the output of calling the withdraw method.

🎉 Congratulations! Have created your first contract and written a test to call it and test it locally! It's time to deploy your contract.
```

## Deploy your contract

Now things are getting serious, we will deploy our contract on our `devnet` :rocket:

> The `deploy` command will deploy everything which is inside the `scripts` folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `deploy` command will execute all deployment scripts it finds inside the `scripts` folder. Create the `scripts` folder in the root folder of the project:
```

```sh
mkdir scripts
```

> Let's create this file into this folder: `scripts/0_deploy_faucet.ts`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's create a deployment script file called `0_deploy_faucet.ts` into the `scripts` folder and paste the following code.  
```

> Note that deployment scripts should prefixed with numbers (starting from 0)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that deployment scripts should always be prefixed with numbers (starting from `0`).
```

```typescript
import { Deployer, DeployFunction, Network } from '@alephium/cli'

> import { Settings } from '../alephium.config'

Reviewer 2: `Module '"../alephium.config"' has no exported member 'Settings'.`

Author: ah yes, maybe  I'll define a default `Settings` the first time I give the code of `alephium.config.ts`

import { TokenFaucet } from '../artifacts/ts'

// This deploy function will be called by cli deployment tool automatically
// Note that deployment scripts should prefixed with numbers (starting from 0)
const deployFaucet: DeployFunction<Settings> = async (
  deployer: Deployer
): Promise<void> => {
  const issueTokenAmount = 100n
  const result = await deployer.deployContract(TokenFaucet, {
    // The amount of token to be issued
    issueTokenAmount: issueTokenAmount,
    // The initial states of the faucet contract
    initialFields: {
      symbol: Buffer.from('TF', 'utf8').toString('hex'),
      name: Buffer.from('TokenFaucet', 'utf8').toString('hex'),
      decimals: 18n,
      supply: issueTokenAmount,
      balance: issueTokenAmount
    }
  })
  console.log('Token faucet contract id: ' + result.contractId)
  console.log('Token faucet contract address: ' + result.contractAddress)
}

export default deployFaucet
```

> [deployContract](https://github.com/alephium/alephium-web3/blob/d2b5b63cae015e843aa77b4cf484bc62a070f1d5/packages/cli/src/types.ts#L133-L137) takes our contract and deploy it with the correct arguments, you can also add a `taskTag` arguments, to tag your deployment with a specific name. By default it will use the contract name, but if you deploy multiple time the same contract with different initial fields, your `.deployement` file will get override, using a specific `taskTag` solve this issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [deployContract](https://github.com/alephium/alephium-web3/blob/d2b5b63cae015e843aa77b4cf484bc62a070f1d5/packages/cli/src/types.ts#L133-L137) of the `Deployer` takes our contract and deploys it with the correct arguments. You can also add a `taskTag` argument to tag your deployment with a specific name. By default, it will use the contract name, but if you deploy the same contract multiple times with different initial fields, your `.deployment` file will get overridden. Using a specific `taskTag` solves this issue.
```

From the [DeployContractParams](https://github.com/alephium/alephium-web3/blob/d2b5b63cae015e843aa77b4cf484bc62a070f1d5/packages/web3/src/contract/contract.ts#L1286-L1293) interface, we can see that `initialFields` is mandatory as it contains the arguments for our `TokenFaucet` contract.

With `issueTokenAmount` you can define how many tokens you want to issue, this is required if you want to create a token, otherwise no token-id will be created.

> Now let's deploy!!!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, let's deploy!
```

```sh
npx @alephium/cli@latest deploy
```

...OOPS... It doesn't work???

> `NO UTXO found` ???

Reviewer 2: I got a different error...

```
Loading alephium config file: /Users/ilias/dev/alephium/_test-projects/alephium-faucet-tuto/alephium.config.ts
Failed to deploy the project
Failed to deploy contracts, error: Error: The node chain id 4 is different from configured chain id 2
    at validateChainParams (/Users/ilias/.npm/_npx/f1b120e1b513c04c/node_modules/@alephium/cli/src/deployment.ts:408:11)
```

I guess this is because I am using the `alephium-stack` project to run the devnet with Docker, which sets the network id to be `4`: https://github.com/alephium/alephium-stack/blob/master/devnet/docker-compose.yml#L100

Reviewer 2: HAHA, after I changed the network id in my `alephium.config.ts` file to `4`, I didn't get this UTXO error that you mentioned!

```console
➜  alephium-faucet-tuto npx @alephium/cli@latest deploy
Loading alephium config file: /Users/ilias/dev/alephium/_test-projects/alephium-faucet-tuto/alephium.config.ts
Contracts are compiled already. Loading them from folder "artifacts"
Deploying contract TokenFaucet
Deployer - group 0 - 1DrDyTr9RpRsQnDnXo2YRiPzPW4ooHX5LLoqXrqfMrpQH
Token faucet contract id: 7fd8acfda8f2769f52eb7536443520ae1dcaec80d480d7cb25337db36c007a00
Token faucet contract address: 23J1X5enQyiJ2swkzXCSKqhkp6dBCV7kgEYiuPTLJnXBD
✅ Deployment scripts executed!
```

You'll need to export the private keys from our wallet extension (might do it from our other wallets latter), make sure to use a wallet with funds, like the one from the genesis allocation of your devnet.

Let's update our `alephium.config.ts`

```typescript
const configuration: Configuration<void> = {
  defaultNetwork: 'devnet',
  networks: {
    devnet: {
      nodeUrl: 'http://localhost:22973',
      networkId: 2,
      //The private key of my genesis address 132mqFF2BuxGigdaMTGSruuW29kmEs2eEGcpquG4YZRNh
      privateKeys: ['672c8292041176c9056bb0dd1d91d34711ceed2493b5afc83f2012b27df2c559']
    }
  }
}
```

and retry to deploy:

```sh
npx @alephium/cli@latest deploy
```

```sh
Contracts are compiled already. Loading them from folder "artifacts"
Deploying contract TokenFaucet
Deployer - group 1 - 132mqFF2BuxGigdaMTGSruuW29kmEs2eEGcpquG4YZRNh
Token faucet contract id: d00e9c788ddd572b0c186f0599a264f4c79f009c632c8040b7c5f71bfc0ec301
Token faucet contract address: 28h7qSmkAAeNyoBuQKGyp1WG8VfdKPePCCFGKwp2Y8yyA
✅ Deployment scripts executed!
```

Congratulations! Your contract is deployed. We can check the balance of the contract:

> Change the contract address base on your deployment result

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Congratulations! Your contract is deployed. We can check the balance of the contract. Use `curl` and change the contract address based on your deployment result:
```

```sh
curl 'http://localhost:22973/addresses/28h7qSmkAAeNyoBuQKGyp1WG8VfdKPePCCFGKwp2Y8yyA/balance'
```

> Response:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The response should look like this:
```

```json
{
  "balance": "1000000000000000000",
  "balanceHint": "1 ALPH",
  "lockedBalance": "0",
  "lockedBalanceHint": "0 ALPH",
  "tokenBalances": [
    {
      "id": "d00e9c788ddd572b0c186f0599a264f4c79f009c632c8040b7c5f71bfc0ec301",
      "amount": "100"
    }
  ],
  "utxoNum": 1
}
```

> We can see our token id, with the 100 token we decided to issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We can see our token id, with the 100 tokens we decided to issue.
```

> Let's check the contract state:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's check the contract state by first getting the group of our address: 
```

```sh

> curl 'http://localhost:22973/contracts/28h7qSmkAAeNyoBuQKGyp1WG8VfdKPePCCFGKwp2Y8yyA/state?group=1'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
curl 'http://localhost:22973/addresses/28h7qSmkAAeNyoBuQKGyp1WG8VfdKPePCCFGKwp2Y8yyA/group'
curl 'http://localhost:22973/contracts/28h7qSmkAAeNyoBuQKGyp1WG8VfdKPePCCFGKwp2Y8yyA/state?group=1'
```

```

> The `group` value may vary depending of your deploying address. You can always get your group number with the `curl 'http://localhost:22973/addresses/<your-address>/group'`  endpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Contract state response:
```json
{
  "address": "28h7qSmkAAeNyoBuQKGyp1WG8VfdKPePCCFGKwp2Y8yyA",
  "bytecode": "050609121b4024402d404a010000000102ce0002010000000102ce0102010000000102ce0202010000000102ce0302010000000102a0000201020101001116000e320c7bb4b11600aba00016002ba10005b416005f",
  "codeHash": "641343b4f1c08b03969b127b452acc7535cad20231bc32af6c0b5f218dd8ff0c",
  "initialStateHash": "06595afa695949e915dfc1220dfb47125b01751d9e193f4c5fa1c7fc3566673d",
  "immFields": [
    {
      "type": "ByteVec",
      "value": "5446"
    },
    {
      "type": "ByteVec",
      "value": "546f6b656e466175636574"
    },
    {
      "type": "U256",
      "value": "18"
    },
    {
      "type": "U256",
      "value": "100"
    }
  ],
  "mutFields": [
    {
      "type": "U256",
      "value": "100"
    }
  ],
  "asset": {
    "attoAlphAmount": "1000000000000000000",
    "tokens": [
      {
        "id": "d00e9c788ddd572b0c186f0599a264f4c79f009c632c8040b7c5f71bfc0ec301",
        "amount": "100"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

> In the `immFields` we can find back our `TokenFaucet` initial arguments, `symbol/name/decimals/supply` and the `mutFields` contains the current token balance, we'll check latter that field after calling the faucet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the `immFields` we can see our initial `TokenFaucet` arguments (`symbol`, `name`, `decimals`, `supply`). We can also see that `mutFields` contains the current token balance. We'll check that field later after calling the faucet.
```

> The `deploy` command also create a `.deployments.devnet.json` file, with the deployment result. It's important to keep that file to easily interact latter with the contract, even tho all informations can be found back on the blockchain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `deploy` command also created a `.deployments.devnet.json` file, with the deployment result. It's important to keep that file to easily interact with the contract, even though all information can be found on the blockchain.
```

# Interact with the deployed contract

Having a token faucet is nice, getting tokens from it is even better.

We can now write some code to interact with the faucet contract.

We'll need to install our `cli` package and the `typescript` dependency if it's not yet the case:

```
npm install @alephium/cli typescript
```

> We will now see another way to interact with the blockchain, previously we were using the `DeployFunction` with our `scripts/x_*` files. Which are automatically deploy with the cli tool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We will now see another way to interact with the blockchain. Previously we were using the `DeployFunction` with our `scripts/<number>_*` files which are automatically deployed with the CLI tool.
```

The next way is a skeleton of what you could do for a web-application.

> This will be a `TypeScript` application and code goes into the `src` folder.

Reviewer 2: Another way is to create a skeleton web application project using TypeScript. Create a `src` folder in the root folder of the project and a file called `tokens.ts` in it with the following contents.

```sh
mkdir src
```

> Let's create the following file, `src/token.ts`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

  //This was auto-generated with the `cli deploy` of our `scripts/0_deploy_faucet.ts`
  const deployments = await Deployments.from('.deployments.devnet.json')

  //Make sure it match your address group
  const accountGroup = 1

  const deployed = deployments.getDeployedContractResult(accountGroup, 'TokenFaucet')

  if(deployed !== undefined) {
    const tokenId = deployed.contractId
    const tokenAddress = deployed.contractAddress

    // Submit a transaction to use the transaction script
    // It uses our `wallet` to sing the transaction.
    await Withdraw.execute(wallet, {
      initialFields: { token: tokenId, amount: 1n }
    })

    // Fetch the latest state of the token contract, `mut balance` should have change
    const faucet = TokenFaucet.at(tokenAddress)
    const state = await faucet.fetchState()
    console.log(state.fields)

    // Fetch wallet balance see if token is there
    const balance = await wallet.nodeProvider.addresses.getAddressesAddressBalance(wallet.account.address)
    console.log(balance)
  } else {
    console.log('`deployed` is undefined')
  }
}

// Let's perform one withdraw
withdraw()
```

> For the attentive people, you'll see something new coming from our `artifacts`: [Withdraw](https://github.com/alephium/nextjs-template/blob/main/contracts/withdraw.ral) which is a [TxScript](https://wiki.alephium.org/ralph/getting-started#txscript) required to interact with the `TokenFaucet` contract. Its code is quite simple, you can add this to you `contracts/withdraw.ral`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the attentive people, you'll see something new coming from our `artifacts`: [`Withdraw`](https://github.com/alephium/nextjs-template/blob/main/contracts/withdraw.ral) which is a [`TxScript`](https://wiki.alephium.org/ralph/getting-started#txscript) required to interact with the `TokenFaucet` contract. Its code is quite simple. Create a file called `withdraw.ral` in the `contracts` folder and paste the following code:
```

```rust
TxScript Withdraw(token: TokenFaucet, amount: U256) {
    token.withdraw(amount)
}
```

> We now need to recompile our contracts to get the artifact for `Withdraw`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We now need to recompile our contracts to get the artifact for `Withdraw`:
```

```sh
npx @alephium/cli@latest compile
```

> The code of `token.ts` should be self-explanatory, you can read more on our [web3-sdk here](https://wiki.alephium.org/dapps/alephium-web3)

Reviewer 2: Hm, I don't see the value of this sentence. Also, the wrong link is being used (`wiki` instead of `docs`). Lastly, as a reader, I would expect to land at a section that explains the code of `token.ts`, but instead I get to an page about the SDK.

> You can now try to compile.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can now compile the TypeScript code to JavaScript with:
```

```sh
npx tsc --build .
```

OOPS, you should get an error coming from the `alephium.config.ts`, until now the config was used as a simple JSON, but now `TypeScript` want it to respect its [interface](https://github.com/alephium/alephium-web3/blob/d2b5b63cae015e843aa77b4cf484bc62a070f1d5/packages/cli/src/types.ts#L48-L62). Especially the `networks` is a record that need to contain the 3 `NetworkType`. You can try to fix it by yourself or update your `alephium.config.ts` file with:

```typescript
import { Configuration } from '@alephium/cli'

export type Settings = {}

const configuration: Configuration<Settings> = {
  defaultNetwork: 'devnet',
  networks: {
    devnet: {
      nodeUrl: 'http://localhost:22973',
      networkId: 2, //Use the same as in your `~/.alephium/user.conf
      privateKeys: ['672c8292041176c9056bb0dd1d91d34711ceed2493b5afc83f2012b27df2c559'],

>       settings: {}

Reviewer 2: This doesn't work:

<img width="588" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1579899/223697831-9d5eb594-59d6-4f6a-b45e-3b679dd9f15b.png">

Reviewer 2: `settings: undefined` worked for me.

Author: The first time the user create that config file, he defines `Configuration<void>`, but I'll change by defining directly the `Settings` on the first version to avoid your other issue linked to the `Settings`

    },
    testnet: {
      nodeUrl: '',
      privateKeys: [],
      settings: {}
    },
    mainnet: {
      nodeUrl: '',
      privateKeys: [],
      settings: {}
    }
  }
}

export default configuration
```

Now recompile

```

> npx tsc --build .

Reviewer 2: I still get the error because of an import in `0_deploy_faucet.ts`:

```
Module '"../alephium.config"' has no exported member 'Settings'. Did you mean to use 'import Settings from "../alephium.config"' instead?

  import { Settings } from "../alephium.config";
```

Reviewer 2: It's solved if I add this in the `alephium.config.ts` file:

```ts
export type Settings = void;
```

```

A `dist` folder should have been created, go ahead and interact with the deployed token faucet:

```
node dist/src/token.js
```

You should now be a proud owner of the token you created.

## What's next?

> You can find a more complex example of the token faucet tutorial [here](https://github.com/alephium/nextjs-template)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find a more complex example of the token faucet tutorial [in the alephium/nextjs-template](https://github.com/alephium/nextjs-template) project.
```

npx @alephium/cli@latest devnet start
```

> Your new network is now launched using [this configuration](https://github.com/alephium/alephium-web3/blob/master/packages/cli/devnet-user.conf)

Reviewer: [Nit] Maybe we can have a short explanation after "this configuration" to reduce the cognitive burden. 

Perhaps "Your new network is now launched using this configuration, generated addresses in 4 groups with enough ALPHs for testing purposes"

cd alephium-tutorial
```

Have a look in the `contracts/` folder, you can find `token.ral`:

> ```rust

Reviewer: Not sure if we should paste the code here to link the code here. There are cons and pros to both. 
If we copy-paste here we will need to remember to update in both places.

Author: I thought we could do https://www.stevemar.net/github-code-in-readme/ but it doesn't seems to work yet, probably because we aren't in https://github.com/github/linguist yet
